# Citadel of Capital Investments (CCI)

Tags: Company, Investment Firm, Mr. Leng, Tao Ye

Originally founded by Mr. Leng and Tao Ye, Citadel of Capital Investments is a key establishing pillar of many aspects of NFC and a large popular project funds based on NFC. It's the means of establishing large civic influence without going through the political path. Many of the otherwise large-scale "arbitrary" projects are funded directly or indirectly by CCI, including CofN Open Platform, and The Many Worlds gaming network. Surprisingly, as an "investment firm", CCI is not profit driven when it comes to private investments - a large portion of its allocable funds for private investments are channeled directly from capitals of very rich investors (kind of like angel investment) rather than rely on existing fund returns. In terms of trading, the biggest advantage of CCI is its quantitative strategies and arbitrage capacities, including the initial proprietary algorithms developed by Tao Ye before Mr. Leng funded NFC. CCI provides the initial funding and support for those long-term large-scale wholistic projects in the hope that over the long term the financial benefits are considerable - or even if not, the money is owned by various interested investors and the loss is assumed. Many of the prominent investors are associated with TLO and they are super rich. Notably, even not always with support from other stakeholders, just Tao Ye and Mr. Leng is capable of injecting funds directly because they are the main stakeholders. The company (as of "present day") currently employees around 3500 employees and manages funds and investment projects internationally. One key feature of CCI is it tries best to manage lots of stuff internally in order to minimize operational cost and reduce communication overhead and impose fine-grained control. Among other assets, CCI directly owns The Flying Castle, which is leased to NFC military.