en/Organizations/The Luckassen School of Architecture 卢卡森建筑学院.md, before:

---
Tags: Organization, School, University, College, Whisper, Tellus
---

# Overview

The Luckassen School of Architecture is part of *Whisper Schools* <!--Pending full name of the Whisper institute-->.

# Description

# Notes

* (design) The Luckassen School of Architecture 卢卡森建筑学院: Luckassen used to be a teacher of Tao Ye. He died during the WW3. This institute is named after him for his memory. The defining character of Luckassen Style architecture is his innovative combination of concrete and wooden materials - later popular teacher of the institute is Tao Ye, who famously use exclusively woods and combines many eastern elements in his architecture designs. This institute is close to New Cliff Harbour. 
    * (descipline) Among some other more traditional subjects of architecture and civil engineering, there are some departments/descilines dedicated to the more "traditional" or "cultural" aspects of this, specifically in terms of crafting: 1) Wooden furniture crafting per Japanese traditional methods (see that Japanese New York expensive wooden table crafting video which we can no longer find); 2) Veluriyam making. 3) ..... (Pending researching more traditional crafting arts that can be relevant to architecture decoration and taught and preserved at The Luckassen School of Architecture). ¶There might also be an "architecture automation research" department that attempts to automate the processing of making things like Veluriyam (by the way, isn't colored glaze something Christian church also uses?).

Commit message:

General update 2024-01-17 (#5)
* [Frontpage] Fix spacing
* [Scripts] Ignore comments when parsing entry descriptions
* [Guideline] Update guideline
* [En] Misc.: Fix formatting
* [Chinese] Migrate entry from P9 Rev 1/Tiddly Wiki
* [Chinese] Update entry on NFC Library
* [Management] Update frontpage timeline and TODO
* [People] Create Mori Yazuki
* Add portraits
* [English] Update entry formatting
* [Organization] Merge management/guideline notes
* [Post] Update guideline
* [TODO] Add idea on migrating task system
* Rename Channi to Chinnan

en/Organizations/The Luckassen School of Architecture 卢卡森建筑学院.md, after:

# The Luckassen School of Architecture 卢卡森建筑学院

Tags: Organization, School, University, College, Whisper, Tellus
Type: Organization

The Luckassen School of Architecture is part of *Whisper Schools* <!--Pending full name of the Whisper institute-->.

## Notes

* (design) The Luckassen School of Architecture 卢卡森建筑学院: Luckassen used to be a teacher of Tao Ye. He died during the WW3. This institute is named after him for his memory. The defining character of Luckassen Style architecture is his innovative combination of concrete and wooden materials - later popular teacher of the institute is Tao Ye, who famously use exclusively woods and combines many eastern elements in his architecture designs. This institute is close to New Cliff Harbour. 
    * (descipline) Among some other more traditional subjects of architecture and civil engineering, there are some departments/descilines dedicated to the more "traditional" or "cultural" aspects of this, specifically in terms of crafting: 1) Wooden furniture crafting per Japanese traditional methods (see that Japanese New York expensive wooden table crafting video which we can no longer find); 2) Veluriyam making. 3) ..... (Pending researching more traditional crafting arts that can be relevant to architecture decoration and taught and preserved at The Luckassen School of Architecture). ¶There might also be an "architecture automation research" department that attempts to automate the processing of making things like Veluriyam (by the way, isn't colored glaze something Christian church also uses?).
