# 世界特异性^[Most of those stuff are not true or applicable in our world]

> When a style is so salient and so strong, people will stop questioning its legitimacy. Much like when the visual is so complex, people lose the capability to study the structural reasoning or integrity. Visual aesthetics is apparently a large category on its own.

Those are some misc. very specific points/ideas, though if we investigate the underlying mechanism, they may be developed into whole systems, or at least other variants along the same line/style can be derived.

* Traditionally back pain is blieved to be caused by muscle stress - turns out it's caused by ^[Not true in our world.] the lack of a particular protein and can be cured by taking some medicine.
* HIV can be prevented by taking PreREP 1 week before the sex act.
* Traditionally it's believed that death has nothing to do with human controllable factors, but a company developed a medicine that is clinically proven to prevent death from incidents within an 6-hour period after taking the medicine^[Not true in our world].
* (In a sense this is a techno-themes) Human-centri Machine Power Scale-Up (Single-Human): centered at the body of a machine is a single individual that constantly "patches" himself up and become a giant monster that has many many capacities. This is the opposite of Chinese style cultivation where a person grows in power but keeps everything "inside" and a lot of them comes down to certain versatile "energy" that can transform into things when needed - in the case of machine-human the person grows in power and attaches everything to himself, and the power in this case is physical mechanisms that's explicitly expressed.
* There are a few technologies that are exclusive to certain species: 1) Quantum computing: PENDING, 2) Quantum teleportation: PENDING, 3) Space Gateway: PENDING, 4) Mach-engine elevation: Tellurians, 5) Artificial superbrain/hybrid artificial general super intelligence: Kruks, 6) Artificial gravity: Kruks, 7) Anti-gravity: PENDING (Medala? Or some other alien species), 8) Neutronium Bomb: Kruks, 9) Anti-gravity: Medala. Notice physical rules generally do not apply to Fepulans players, and even though Xiramus live and think beyond the bound of this universe, they are largely bound physically, 10) Time travel - backwards: Medala, 11) True Prophecy: Medala (through Hyupeda), Xiramu (natural gift), 12) ??? (De-extinction/Embryo Printing): (Some other alien civlization), 13) (#Legendary) Black-hole inhabitant technology (PENDING, Old-fasihoned; Either living inside a black hole, or being capable of protecting the entire region like a black hole). 14) Brain scanning (applies to most similar brains per Medalian/Neputalis race structures) for the purpose of printing/baking into artificial brain: Krukians. 15) Anti-matter, anti-matter bomb (pending investigating effects): Some alien civilization, exclusive. 16) (Can be a very unique art style on its own) Organically grown materials and structures - including animal-organ like and tree-like structures, e.g. spaceships and cars grown as a single body with self-illuminating structures and self-curing capabilities (reference include starcraft Zerg and Guardian of Galaxy movable houses and spaceships).